here I'm going to be showing you how to
pan fry some mistake so we've got some
sirloin steak 150 grams per portion
absolutely beautiful piece of meat you
can see that it's nice got nice marbling
of fat really nice color and this method
applies to pan frying any piece of meat
what you need is a dry pan just going to
rub a bit of oil over the steak and just
some salt and pepper so I've got some
sea salt and some pepper same with the
other side sea salt and some pepper add
a splash of oil to the pan and you can
tell if the pan is hot when the oil
starts to separate in the pan just add
stake to move that around once I'm
cooking the steak medium-rare so I want
to get that nice and brown on the
underside three minutes will be perfect
I'm going to show you that's beautiful
and brown just going to flip that over
we're gonna let that cook the same thing
on the other side as you can see there's
a beautiful layer of fat I'm just going
to turn the steak onto its back sight
and hold it with tongs just to get color
on the fat and just to cook that I mean
that doesn't need long at all that's
nicely cooked and there we have
perfectly cooked steak and we're just
going to let that rest for five minutes
before we carve into it and serve it so
the steaks had 5 minutes resting just to
show you how nicely it cooks I'm going
to carve into it so you can see that
this cooked beautifully cooked round the
outside still a bit pink perfectly
medium-rare a nice slices on that goes
now we have medium rare pan fried steak